Okay, okay, you kid really dare to take it
Take out a broken jade pendant and dare to pretend to be Kunlun Ling
It seems that you have a premeditated plan.
Forestry, are you making enough trouble?
I'm not making trouble
I'm just acknowledging my identity
Miss Xu, don't worry.
The Kunlun family will not embarrass a madman
Who would argue with a madman?
Grandpa Lin is right.
But this Lin Yi can't keep a gentleman
It's not good for dangerous descent
I declare the marriage contract annulled
Forestry as compensation
I'll call you extra 5 million
You leave on your own
Therefore, Master Qin
Are you going to break the contract?
Not a broken marriage
You're really acting too badly
The charge of impersonating the Lord of Kunlun
My in-laws can't afford it
Grandpa, come out with me
However, just ask for his account.
Don't get extra promotions
Li Shaolin Ye posing as the son of Kunlun
It was a shot from this lunatic
It has nothing to do with our Qin family.
I will confide in the account of forestry
However, the Qin family moved this leader for Qin Yanding
I also remember here
Ah, three days later.
Kunlun lineage will hold a new selection banquet simultaneously
Oh, I see.
I only have one card with me
110 million
You take the money and leave Jiangnan
It is better to go abroad.
Bet with you
Really too powerful
That's right, you escape overseas first to keep it a secret
We'll find a way to send you money.